Tomas Teixera

Past two weeks:

Refined the environment by simplifying and adjusting the observation space. 
Implemented the render() function (integrated with the visualizer) to update the 
display with each agent step. Developed a dummy agent and main function to 
demonstrate the agent working in the environment.

Next two weeks:

Begin implementing a Deep Q-Network (DQN) agent, with the initial goal of 
achieving basic learning behaviour. Afterwards, focus on refining the model and 
training setup to improve performance and achieve more competent gameplay 
from the agent.



Pierson Michalski

Past two weeks:

Created game visual class. This functions as a visualization of the environment, 
it uses pygame to render the board and character info. Once it's initialized and 
given a game object, then when the update display function is called it will 
update the visualization to the current state of the game.

Next two weeks:

Assist in the development of the DQN and Monte Carlo agents. Additionally, 
explore other potential candidate like Dyna-Q+ and TD(lambda) algorithms 
that we could implement in addition to the ones already on the go.



Zixuan Wen

Past two weeks:

Completed the POMDP designing and figured out how agent handle partial 
observability. Narrowed down which algorithms to experiment. Now we are 
focusing on several algorithms: Deep Q-network, TD(lambda), Dyna-Q+, 
and Monte Carlo.

Next two weeks:

Evaluate agent performance during gameplay and report feedback, to associate 
with other team members. Additionally, begin developing a Monte Carlo 
implementation.



Milo Goodfellow

Last two weeks:

Wrote the reward function and a function that converts from actions to (row,col) 
board positions. Tomas helped with this by giving me guidance on how to 
interface with his re-implementation of the game

Next two weeks:

Writing the code to compose and train a Linear -> LayerNorm -> ReLU policy 
network which plays the game. Then, actually training it on a GPU probably 
using Google Colab.



Adrien Gergouil

Last two weeks:

Helped with testing and validation of the environment: Going through example 
episodes and checking that rewards and game state updates behave as desired.

Next two weeks:

Look at agent’s performance when running the game and reporting feedback. 
Additionally, going to look into developing a Monte Carlo implementation